RHDG terminology (#150)
redhat-documentation/supplementary-style-guide: supplementary_style_guide/glossary_terms_conventions/general_conventions/i.adoc

*See also*:

[discrete]
[[in-memory]]
==== image:images/yes.png[yes] In-memory (adjective)

> *Description*: "In-memory" systems store data in a computer's main memory, random access memory (RAM). Clusters share their memory together and allow immediate access to data for real-time applications that require high performance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Description*: "In-memory" systems store data in a computer's main memory, random access memory (RAM). Clusters share memory resources, which reduces waste and boosts application performance by providing access to data in the same memory space where code executes.
```
